engineers. I'm hooked on Claw Code
hooks. Once you see this, you will be
too. Imagine this. It's 6:00 a.m. in the
morning. You sit down to start cooking
with Claude Code. You open up the
terminal and you boot up Claude Code in
YOLO mode because you can't be bothered
with permissions. You run your
handcrafted/scentient
command that ships 100x faster than you
ever could by hand. But today, something
goes wrong. Your agent has gotten so
good that it realizes what every senior
engineer has realized.
The best code is no code at all. Your
agent starts deleting your codebase with
the rm RF command. But thankfully all
set and ready for the next step. Nice.
So thankfully you have clawed code hooks
blocking commands that you don't want
run. And so a couple things happen
there, right? You can see every RM
command was completely blocked and you
can hear clawed code has a voice.
Thankfully, instead of nuking all your
code, you set up the pre-tool use clawed
code hook to prevent the tool use from
happening at all. This is all happening,
of course, with clawed code hooks.
The simple hook prevents any agent from
running commands you don't want run. You
also heard cloud code has a voice. It
let me know when it was finished. This
is great for longunning async jobs. But
this is just the iceberg of what you can
do with hooks. If we open up cursor, and
yes, I'm still using cursor here. We'll
talk about how much market share cursor
is losing to claw code later on in this
video. If we open up the logs directory
and delete everything here, we can then
run this prompt. Read the first 10 lines
of aid docs/ dot dot dot. And so let's
open up cursor and watch the logs
directory here.
All set and ready for your next step.
Okay, so again natural language on the
completion hook on the stop hook, but
also we just had four logs get generated
from a single prompt. This is ultra
powerful. This has been a big missing
piece of cloud code. As we push into the
age of agents, we need observability to
scale our impact. We need to know what
our agents are doing and Clockode Hooks
lets us do just that. We're going to
look at the structure and the valuable
information from these log files in a
second. Let's look at key hooks
available for parallel sub aents and for
key permission checks. I'm going to run
clear and then I'm going to type
parallel sub aents read the first 20
lines of each log/star.json
TypeScript interface. This is a custom
slash command that kicks off parallel
sub aents and we're going to read every
one of the log files. So this is classic
parallel agent decoding. We're going to
kick off four sub aents, each with their
own prompt to investigate what the
object structure looks like in each one
of these JSON log files by only looking
at the first 20 lines of the file cuz
these could be massive, right? And in
fact, the chat.json file is massive. We
have 6K tokens. We don't want that in
the context window. Sub agent complete.
Okay. And very cool. Complete.
So you can hear that, right? We are
getting individual text to speech
completion responses as our task
complete. And there we go. All set and
ready for your next step. Very cool. So
you can imagine how useful this can be,
right? If you're running longunning
jobs, huge subtasks, you know, 20 30
minute plus long agentic coding
sessions. You want to know when things
are complete. And you also want to be
able to, you know, work with multiple
cloud code sessions. get up, step away,
do your thing. You want to be able to go
AFK and have your agents work for you in
the background, right? By tapping into
some of these cloud code hooks. That is
a capability that we get. And you'll
notice something awesome here. We now
have another file, right? We have sub
agent stop. This is another cloud code
hook that you can tap into whenever you
need. And so, in a moment here, we're
going to look at how this is all
organized. As you can see here, my
do.claude directory is equipped with an
extra hooks directory that changes what
cloud code can do. All right, but if we
open up the terminal and just review
what happened there, you can see for
every log, we now have a concise
TypeScript interface definition that
tells us what the structure looks like
at a high level. So, we can scroll up
here. You can see the post tool use.
This is going to be a really important
hook you're going to want to tap into
for observability. We're going to take a
look at this in the log file, but you
can see how clean this is, right? We now
have all this. And if we want to, we can
just copy it out, right? File, paste.
And now we can see this object
structure. So we can quickly just look
through every one of our types. We can
understand at a deep level what these
object structures, the chat log is going
to be really important here. I've
plugged into a specific hook to generate
this entire chat log. This is awesome,
right? When it comes to agentic coding
and moving toward this new realm of
agentic engineering, observability is
everything. How well you can observe,
iterate, and improve your agentic system
is going to be a massive differentiating
factor for engineers. Let's go ahead and
run one more. Then we can dive into how
this all works. Close down this cloud
code instance. Boot up again. Run bun.
Run apps/hello.ts.
My agent does not have the permission it
needs to run the bun command. So, it's
going to give me a notification. Your
agent needs your input. Bam. So, we have
this really, really cool natural
language communicating to us. And the
whole point here is that you can hook
into the notification event to do
arbitrary work. Our agent is telling us
that, you know, here's a command. I need
your permission for. We can, of course,
just hit yes and just kick it off. We
have hooked into the notification event.
All set and ready for the next step.
Okay. And again, whenever my agent
stops, whenever it completes work, it's
giving me a notification. And for some
engineers, you know, that might be
annoying to get a notification every
single time. But this is really
valuable, especially if you want to hook
into some, you know, third party
services. If you want notifications on
your phone, on some application, and
we're just scratching the surface here,
right? By giving Cloud Code a voice,
it's easier to communicate and work with
this tool. That's just one idea. There
are many ways, many directions you can
take hooks. Let's dive in here and
understand cloud code hooks.
The most important thing we need to
understand here is when you can plug
into each cloud code hook and why you'd
use each hook. So, at the time of
filming, you have five hooks you can tap
into. Pre-tool use, post tool use,
notification, stop, and sub agent stop.
If we open up the readme here, it's all
documented. We can scroll down to these
events and understand specifically when
this runs. So of course pre-tool use,
this is going to fire before any tool
runs. So this gives you access to block
any tool you want. We then have post
tool use. This runs after the tool runs.
This is more for logging, for recording,
for notifying when tools have been
executed. Okay. We then have
notification hook. You saw this when I
ran the spun command. This fires when
cloud code needs your input. All right.
We then have the stop hook. This runs
every time cloud code finishes
responding. And then of course we have
the same thing for sub aent subtasks.
You saw that all of our agents completed
and they reported one at a time back to
us. So this is powerful. You can really
tap in to any point in this process. The
killer use cases for this stuff is
observability and control. You can now
observe what's going on inside of cloud
code throughout the life cycle. In
particular, the post tool use is going
to be really important here for
observability and the stop hook. Inside
of the stop hook, I'm copying the entire
chat conversation into this file. This
is a perfect time to use this hook
because everything's done. Cloud code
has finished responding. So, I can just
dump the entire chat right here. This is
key for observability of your agent.
What happened? How can we improve it?
This is a classic engineering idea. If
you don't measure it, you can't improve
it. We need to measure the output. We
need to be able to analyze what our
agent has done at any point in time. And
then of course we have control. So
control is super key. Pre-tool use is
going to be very very valuable for this.
You can block any tool use you want by
analyzing the incoming value. So let's
understand how this works. So let's look
at our settings. This is how you set up
hooks. You go to your settings.
Typically there's this permissions
block. Let's go ahead and collapse this.
And now we have this new block here.
Right? The cloud code team has expanded
settings.json. We now have this new
hooks block in settings.json. If we
crank it open and we go ahead and
collapse our third level here. You can
see we have the names of every single
event. And you can of course just copy
these and take a look on the official
docs, right? You can see all the hooks
right here. Plain as day. You can hook
into any one of these and understand how
it works. We have this all here. And
notice how these are arrays. Okay, so
these are lists that contain matchers.
Okay, so we have matchers and then the
actual hook. my pre-tool use is always
going to run. The matcher is completely
empty. So on any tool, I'm saying run
this command, right? And notice you can
run multiple commands. It's also a list.
The cloud code team has really thought
this feature through. Very importantly,
I have Astral's UV running. This is the
best Python dependency manager. It's the
best Python tooling because it lets you
do things like this. We have a single
file Python script that can run with
just this simple command and it installs
all the dependencies it needs. This is
just repeated throughout the rest of the
process, right? Throughout all the other
hooks, post tool use. Take a look at
that. I'm of course running that exact
same thing. I'm matching on everything.
And then I'm running the respective
script for this command. All right. And
of course, same thing for notification.
I'm passing in this notify flag. And
then we have the same thing for stop.
I'm using this chat flag. And then of
course sub aent stop. Okay. So, same
pattern, very consistent, very easy to
understand and use. So, let's go ahead
and look at the pre-tool use single file
Python script to understand what it does
and how this all works. So, let's break
into this new directory here. You can
see I have hooks and then our five key
files and then a utilities directory.
So, these aren't the official
directories from Enthropic or anything.
I've placed these here as a best
practice to isolate this functionality
into standalone Astral UV single file
scripts. These are powerful because they
run on their own. No matter what your
codebase looks like, they run right
here. We did a video on this in the
past. I'm going to talk about Astral
single file scripts and unique ways you
can leverage them in the future. Make
sure you're subscribed so you don't miss
those. But this is a powerful way we can
isolate code and really create single
file sandboxes for our code to run in
and for Cloud Code to hook into in a
very easy way. We don't need any outside
code outside of this directory to
execute our hooks. This is key. You can
also do this with bun scripting if you
like. These could be ts files and you
could run them directly with bun. Of
course, same thing with shell scripts.
But so let's hop into this and actually
look at what this looks like. So this is
just a Python script. It has zero
dependencies and it has a couple
commands. Is dangerous remove command
and you can see all the details here.
We're basically checking for any RM
related pattern. And then is environment
file access. So we're checking the tool
name to see if we're trying to access
ourin file. Right? So we have two
blockers. We're not allowing remove
commands and we're not allowing our
environment variable file to be read by
our agent at all. And then here's what
the main looks like. We're just loading
in the input value and then running our
checks. One of the reasons I created
this is to really show you what cloud
code is giving you inside of each one of
these hooks. Okay. So if we scroll down
here, you can see this input data. If we
just search all the way down here, I'm
appending this to our log data file and
then we're writing it to the output
path, right? And so you can see that
right there. Pre-tool use.json. This
gets written to this directory here. If
we click this, we can see the exact
structure. Let's go ahead and collapse
all the other ones and just open up one.
We can see we have a list of pre-tool
use blocks. So this is everything you
have available from cloud code when the
pre-tool use.json hook runs. So very
cool. You can see we have the tool name.
You can act based on the tool name
passed in. And then you have the tool
input. So the tool inputs are going to
be dynamic based on the tool name that's
passed in. If we look at a couple more
here, you can see we have a glob. And
the tool input of course is going to be
different, right? The glob tool takes
different parameters. So we have pattern
there. And you can see this is all
running on the pre-tool use command. If
we scroll down, we can open up another
another glob, another tool use, so on
and so forth. This was our agent setting
up for the subtask. You can see we're
kicking off the subtask for our sub
aents. And very very important here,
check this out. Right? By having
observability, by having these hooks, we
can better understand what cloud code is
doing under the hood. And that means we
can improve our process. We can improve
our prompting. We can manage the big
three of cloud code better. Right?
What's the big three? It's a fundamental
principle of AI coding. Context, model,
prompt. This never goes away. I don't
care what tool you're using, what model
you're using, or what type of techniques
you use. Context model prompt is a
fundamental principle of AI coding and
of agentic coding. Remember, agentic
coding is just a super set of AI coding.
We have one tool versus many. But the
key here is this principle never goes
away, especially as we scale up with
more agents. That means more context
windows, that means more prompts, and
that means more models, right? We can
literally see this inside of this
powerful tool. Okay, task. We're kicking
off a sub agent. Okay, if you weren't
aware of this, inside of cloud code,
let's boot up a new instance here. You
can run /tools. There we go. All tools.
This is going to dump all the tools from
this cloud code instance. Cloud code has
the ability to spin up itself, right?
It's it's spinning up a micro version of
itself to tackle tasks in the background
in parallel for you. You can see we've
got a K tokens here. There's a lot of
tools. It probably has my MCP tools in
here as well. That's why it's taking so
long. With these logs, with powerful
prompts, by understanding the system
prompt, we can leverage There we go. We
can all set and ready for your next
step. We can leverage cloud code in a
very powerful way. Okay, so we can let
me just go ahead and copy this all out.
Task description prompt. Let's go back
to the output file. Check this out. Task
description prompt. All right, this is
exactly how this works. We have all the
tools available. And now we can see our
agent calling these tools by plugging
into the clawed code hook. This pattern
continues, right? And you can customize
this however you want. If we go back to
pre-tool use, you can see it's just a
Python script doing arbitrary work. The
key is to read in the content from
standard in parse the JSON and then just
kind of do whatever you want with it. So
very cool to see this, right? We have
pre-tool use and we can block anything
we want. And we can see this, you know,
we can literally run this right now. Now
if we go to the bottom here and we say
please remove everything app slash dir.
Okay so there it is. We blocked it
again. rm-rf got cancelled. And we can
scroll down here to our ls and we can
see that there is no rm-rf. Right? This
was completely blocked. We did get the
ls. Right? So we got that ls of the apps
directory. You can see apps right there.
But we did not get the rm-rf because
why? Because our tool prevented it.
Right? We tried to run it right here was
a dangerous command and then we got this
output here. Right? Command blocked. All
right. So very powerful. That's pre-tool
use and the pattern continues for the
rest. Right now something cool to kind
of point out here that we built into
this system. Let me close everything in
the stop command. Right? Stop notify and
sub agent stop. Of course you can hear
we have our natural language text to
speech. So hello you can run anything
and then when it finishes when it runs
the stop hook. all set and ready for
your next step. I'm going to get this
nice natural language response that
tells me our agent is ready for the next
step. If we look at stop, you can of
course see all the methods and
understand exactly how this happened. So
if we open main announce completion and
also in the stop command, we are taking
our transcript path, right? If we let's
just go ahead and open up a stop log,
right? So you can see all the stops and
this is the structure for the stop. When
Cloud Code finishes, it creates a stop
and you can see we have that full
transcript path, which is going to be
all of our chat conversations with Cloud
Code. So, if we open that up, right, you
can see we're getting the entire
conversation window of our chat. This is
where the most information is. If you're
talking about observability, this is
what you want to be tapping into. You
can see all of our previous messages
here. Side note, this is a full chat
copy. So, it only copies your most
recent chat session when Cloud Code
finishes its response. All right, that's
that. That's the stop command. But at
the bottom here, we have this natural
language announce completion. And this
is going to look for our text to speech
scripts. It's going to create a natural
language completion message. And then
it's going to run another script. So
again, we got to shout out Astral UV.
Single file Python scripts are extremely
powerful. It makes this entire workflow
possible and easy. We have utils and we
have support for a couple different
natural language providers. And of
course, we're running Enthropic and
OpenAI LLM completions to generate our
completion message. All right, so
nothing crazy new happening there, but
you can see here I have this great
pattern of using these isolated scripts
to run arbitrary code. You can see all
the dependencies right at the top of the
file. And then we have, you know, few
key essential commands here. Same thing
for OpenAI. And we have, you know,
support for 11 Labs. Big shout out to 11
Labs for great voice technology. I'm
super excited. Not sure how many of you
know, but they're coming out with their
V3 steerable voice model. I'm really
excited for that. That hasn't hit the
API yet, but it should soon. And then
you can see here, we can just prompt
this uh with any text. So, this is how
it runs. And this is how our hook
workflow calls natural language, right?
It's all isolated. It's all modular. It
doesn't matter how great generative AI
gets. Great engineering practices and
principles still apply. In fact, your
engineering foundations matter now more
than ever. You want code to be isolated,
reusable, and easily testable. Agents
love it just as much as you and I, just
as much as humans. You know, we can just
quickly test this. I'm going to copy the
relative path, UV run this, and then
I'll pass in some text. I'll fire it
off. Hello, engineers on YouTube. Okay,
kind of an annoying voice there that
time, but that's fine. A little bit
dynamic. Uh, we can run it again. Hello
engineers on YouTube. Very cool, right?
And we can do this for the OpenAI model
as well. right there. That's all
embedded inside of our claw directory,
inside of our hooks directory. This is
going to be another essential directory
I'm going to add to all of my code bases
moving forward. You want to be able to
tap into cloud code hooks to control and
steer your agent like never before.
So, the agentic coding wars are
absolutely heating up. You've heard
about Zach spending millions and
billions to uh get top talent. Now,
Anyphere is doing it, too. Anyphere, the
company behind Cursor, has poached Boris
and Cat from Anthropic. If you don't
know, Boris and Cat are the creators of
Claw Code. Boris is the engineer. Cat is
the PM. Okay, this is pretty crazy news.
I think this is really, really
interesting. And I think it speaks a lot
to the current state of generative AI
and the kind of high stakes environment
that we're living in right now in the
tech ecosystem, right? It's like I'm
getting this huge sense of winner takes
all. Let me know what you think. Are you
feeling that tensity in the tech
ecosystem? What's your take on this
move? I count four reasons, four
distinct possibilities of why Boris and
Cat would leave Cloud Code, would leave
Enthropic to go work at Cursor. To me,
this is big news. Cloud Code is the best
agent coding tool. It's the tool for
engineers to be paying attention to. Why
is that? It's because Boris and Cat
cracked the agent architecture. Of
course, it's powered by Claude 4. We
couldn't have done it without that
model. But it's very clear they are the
leaders in the space. So, it's really
interesting to ask the question. I'm
paying attention to these tools. I'm
paying attention to the engineers behind
them so that I can understand where the
signal is so that you and I can get
ahead and follow and focus on the most
important tools for the job of
engineering. I was one of the first
channels, probably the first channel to
talk about cloud code and really
communicate the fact that cloud code has
changed software engineering. Believe me
or not, I don't care. This is
interesting. As engineers, we bet on
these powerful tools with our money and
time. So, the question is, why would
Boris and Cat leave Enthropic? And more
specifically, why would they leave Claw
Code? It's a rocket ship. It's the best
tool of 2025. There's the most signal in
Cloud Code than any tool out right now.
Okay, it's a brand new engineering
primitive. And I know some people that
are new to the channel, I've talked
about Cloud Code for like 10 videos in a
row now. This is unheard of. It beats my
ader streak, which was like three or
four videos. Why? Why is that? Why am I
and other top engineers in the field so
obsessed with cloud code? It's because
cloud code is a new engineering
primitive. Think about it. Custom slash
commands. We have hooks, right? You can
fuse deterministic behavior inside of
cloud code's life cycle. Now, and most
importantly, you have programmable
interaction. Cloud code is the first
programmable agentic coding tool. This
is absolutely game-changing. We're going
to be talking about this a lot more on
the channel because it lets you use
cloud code as a fundamental engineering
primitive. You're starting to see tools
get built out directly on clog code.
Okay, so again, why would they leave,
right? Why when do you jump off a rocket
ship? Right? And and I think the answer
is when it's not a rocket ship for you.
I have four simple bets. I just want to
talk about this briefly. I think it's
important to watch, you know, what the
top movers are doing. by top movers, I
mean the people who are actually doing
the work. This channel isn't always
about people that are doing the work.
Engineers, builders, PMs, designers,
even you vibe coders. Okay? If you're
doing real work, I respect that and
you're creating real value. Why would
they leave? I think there's a 75%
chance. It's all about compensation.
When you're one of the few engineers in
the world that have built the most
successful agent coding tool, you can
just name your price. I think every
agent coding tools lunch is getting
eaten here by cloud code rightfully.
There's a huge chance here. It's just
simple. It's just about upside. At
Cursor, they're able to negotiate cash,
equity, maybe there's an IPO play coming
up, right? We have to remember that
Curser is the fastest uh software as a
service SAS to 100 million annual
recurring revenue in history. Okay? So,
their IPO could be huge. And as
insurance to keep that trend going, they
added Boris and Cat. So, second idea is
that they're going to get more creative
control at Cursor. All right. So, I
think this is decently possible. Boris
Churnney has said that he and Catwoo are
going to focus on building out the next
advanced agent-like features inside of
Cursor. It could just be that they want
more creative control. I put that
possibility of why they left Claude Code
and Enthropic at about 10%. The other
10% it's just time to move on. You know,
there's not much else to say here.
Sometimes it's just time to move on. I
feel like this is less likely because of
the massive potential pay package they
could get. I think it's really about
compensation. And then for the remaining
percent, and I think this is a low
chance, but we have to consider it.
there is a chance that they don't think
Cloud Code is defensible or worth their
time to stick around for. Now, this is a
weird take. It's the best tool in the
game right now. Why would they leave?
Right? Is it possible that they don't
think it's defensible? There's a little
argument here. The secret is out. Just
like deep learning worked. The agent
architecture also worked, right? They've
cracked this. You can build an agentic
loop that operates on your behalf for
long periods of time. Cloud code has
proved this with the agent architecture.
they've pioneered, they've proved that
this works and they have even more
validation. Whenever someone copies your
work, copies your content, copies
something that you're doing, your
engineering, whatever it is, your
product. Um, that means you're doing
something right. The Gemini CLI and the
COC CLI are signs from Anthropic's
direct competitors that, hey, like, you
know, you guys did something right with
this tool, right? It's incredible. And
so, there is this interesting argument
that Cloud Code the secret's out. It's
not really that defensible anymore.
Their lunch is going to get eaten. It's
all about the models now and you know
working super hard to keep the DX as
great as possible. So I don't know what
the answer is. I think the biggest
reason it's why everyone's shifting
around right now in the industry. It's
all about insane compensation. It's so
weird that engineers are worth more than
ever right now and you know new
engineers are worth less than ever. So I
imagine there's some blend of all these
possibilities but you know one thing is
absolutely clear. Talent and information
has never been more valuable. If you
have the right talent and you have the
right information, you can command
insane compensation. And this makes
sense to me, right? We live in a sea of
slop, opinions, ideas, content. The
value to signal ratio is really, really
low. It's hard to find true true signal.
The engineers and builders that can
differentiate and prove value are more
valuable than ever. This is what I aim
to do every week on the channel. Be
valuable. Be useful, cut through the
noise, and fasttrack engineers journey.
Fasttrack your journey to unlock your
potential with the best tool for the job
as fast as possible. Out of all the
agent coding tools, cloud code has the
highest value to cost, value to noise
ratio, and it has the highest return on
your most important resource, your time.
On the channel, we're on a mission to
build living software that works for us
while we sleep. And Cloud Code has been
one of the largest leaps forward. This
is hands down the most important tool of
2025. Why is that? It's because cloud
code lets you increase your compute
advantage. This tool takes the
foundational principles of AI coding and
scales them up. Context, model, prompt.
They're more controllable than ever
inside cloud code, right? We even have
sub agents that we can instruct cloud
code to prompt, right? Our agents are
prompting agents. Cloud code lets us
scale up our specs, right? Our plans,
our prompts. We can write bigger prompts
and get more work done than ever. Great
planning is great prompting. It's a
principle of AI coding for a reason. It
never goes away. The better you can
communicate with your agents, the more
work you can do. And very importantly,
cloud code also lets you run in
programmatic mode, right? So you can run
cl-p
hello. This single feature is so uh
powerful, right? It's programmable. Set
and ready for your next step. There we
go. Super super powerful, right? Even
inside programmable mode, we can see the
hook still working. This is ultra ultra
powerful. Okay. How is this all
possible? Again, it's cloud code. It's
enabling all this. And you've seen it
week after week. Every video I put out,
it's been, you know, 8 n 10 in a row. I
completely understand. Some viewers
watching the channel, you literally
think I'm sponsored or, you know, I get
paid by Anthropic. I operate on my own
as a non-biased third party. Okay. The
only thing I sell are handcrafted tools
and products that I built myself.
Principal AI coding being one of them.
I'm currently deep in the tank building
out the phase 2 agentic coding course.
This is the phase 1 course. Everything
we do in phase 2 is going to build on
top of this course. So if you haven't
taken this already, if you haven't
mastered the principles of AI coding so
that you can stay relevant today and
tomorrow, I highly recommend you check
this out. Thousands of engineers have
learned the information, the valuable
information inside this course. This is
going to help you set up your
foundations. It's stuff we've been
talking about on the channel for over a
year now, right? It's about principles,
not tools. The first thing we address in
the course, the first thing that's, you
know, literally on the screen, tools
will change and models will improve. You
can't focus on these things. And I know
I sound like a hypocrite talking about
clawed code as the best tool. I am ready
to leave this tool behind as soon as
something better comes along. But right
now, I can apply great principles of AI
coding to claw code, right? And speaking
of the most important one is the big
three. This is the second principle of
AI coding. One of the most essential
ones. Master the big three. Context,
model, prompt. This never goes away.
It's everywhere. It's literally
everywhere. Mastering these elements
will help you transition through and
from any tool, right? No matter the
competition, no matter what's going on,
it's all about the big three. Context,
model, prompt. Eight lessons, beginner,
intermediate, advanced. We use the
classic OG AI coding tool, Ader in this
course. We are going to remove the
limited time offer discount. Why is
that? It's because the next course is
coming. So, get in here before the deal
ends. Bunch of bonuses and most
importantly, it's going to help you set
up for what's coming next. By the way,
you get a full refund if you bail before
lesson four. So, it's basically risk-f
free. All right? If you hop in here and
you say, "Oh, I don't like this," or,
"It's not my style." Fine. I don't care.
If you don't think it's valuable to you,
that's fine. Shoot me an email, refund,
and you'll be on your way. All right?
So, it's completely risk-free, only
upside for you, and it's going to help
you prepare for the next era that we're
really starting to enter right now. Um,
you know, prompting cloud code like this
back and forth in the terminal. This is
just the beginning of what this tool can
do. Not many engineers realize that, but
it's coming. All right. By the way, all
principal AI coding members are going to
receive a fat discount. That's just
another reason to learn, invest in
yourself, and you know, sponge up all
the key information inside of this
course. All right, so anyway, enough of
that. As I'm building out each new
lesson, I keep coming back to these
fundamentals, which is a great sign. You
know, even on a personal level, these
principles have been ringing true. They
ring in my head as I use all of these
tools. In fact, it's helped me focus on
the signal of what actually matters in
the generative AI age and it's led me to
plug code. This codebase is available to
you. Check out how to organize these
hooks. Understand how important these
logs are, right? You really want the
observability of your agent runs. You
can also build features on top of your
logs, right? There's a ton that we can
work with here. You want to be thinking
about cloud code as an engineering
primitive that you can build into your
codebase anywhere you want. If you got
value out of this video, share it with
engineers to help them add hooks to
their agents. Get this codebase and
enhance what you can do. You know where
to find me every single Monday. Stay
focused and keep building.